Privacy Policy

This software values ​​user privacy. This software respects and protects the personal privacy of all service users. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, this software will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy.

Except as otherwise provided in this privacy policy, this software will not disclose this information to the outside or provide it to a third party without your prior permission. This software will update this privacy policy from time to time. When you agree to the software service use agreement, it is deemed that you have agreed to the entire content of this privacy policy. This privacy policy is an integral part of the software service use agreement.

1. Scope of application
When you register for this software account, you provide personal registration information according to the requirements of this software;

When you use the network service of this software, or visit the web page of this software platform, this software automatically receives and records the information on your browser and computer, including but not limited to your IP address, browser type, language used, access date and time, software and hardware feature information and web page records you need;

User personal data obtained by this software from business partners through legal means.

You understand and agree that the following information is not subject to this privacy policy:

Keyword information you enter when using the search service provided by this software platform;

Information data collected by this software about you published on this software, including but not limited to participation in activities, transaction information and evaluation details;

Violation of legal provisions or violations of the rules of this software and the measures taken by this software against you.

2. Use of information
This software will not provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party, unless you have obtained your prior permission, or the third party and this software (including this software's affiliated companies) provide services to you separately or jointly, and after the end of the service, it will be prohibited from accessing all these materials that it could previously access.

This software also does not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell or disseminate your personal information by any means. If any user of this software platform engages in the above activities, once discovered, this software has the right to immediately terminate the service agreement with the user.

For the purpose of serving users, this software may use your personal information to provide you with information that interests you, including but not limited to sending you product and service information, or sharing information with this software's partners so that they can send you information about their products and services (the latter requires your prior consent).

3. Information Disclosure
Under the following circumstances, this software will disclose your personal information in whole or in part according to your personal wishes or legal provisions:

Disclose to a third party with your prior consent;

Share your personal information with a third party in order to provide the products and services you requested;

Disclose to a third party or administrative or judicial institution in accordance with relevant legal provisions or the requirements of administrative or judicial institutions;

If you violate relevant Chinese laws, regulations or this software service agreement or related rules, you need to disclose to a third party;

If you are a qualified intellectual property complainant and have filed a complaint, you should disclose to the respondent at the request of the respondent so that both parties can deal with possible rights disputes;

In a transaction created on this software platform, if any party to the transaction fulfills or partially fulfills the transaction obligations and makes a request for information disclosure, this software has the right to decide to provide the user with the necessary information such as the contact information of the counterparty to facilitate the completion of the transaction or the resolution of disputes.

Other disclosures that this software deems appropriate in accordance with laws, regulations or website policies.

4. Information Storage and Exchange
The information and data collected by this software about you will be stored on the servers of this software and (or) its affiliated companies. Such information and data may be transmitted to your country, region or overseas where this software collects information and data and be accessed, stored and displayed overseas.

5. Use of Cookies
If you do not refuse to accept cookies, this software will set or access cookies on your computer
so that you can log in or use the services or functions of this software platform that rely on cookies. This software uses cookies to provide you with more thoughtful personalized services, including promotional services.

You have the right to choose to accept or refuse to accept cookies. You can refuse to accept cookies by modifying your browser settings. However, if you choose to refuse to accept cookies, you may not be able to log in or use the network services or functions of this software that rely on cookies.

The relevant information obtained through the cookies set by this software will be subject to this policy.

6. Information Security
a) All accounts of this software have security protection functions. Please keep your user name and password information properly. This software will ensure that your information is not lost, abused or altered by encrypting user passwords and other security measures. Despite the aforementioned security measures, please also note that there are no "perfect security measures" on the information network.

b) When using the network services of this software for online transactions, you will inevitably disclose your personal information, such as contact information or postal address, to the counterparty or potential counterparty. Please properly protect your personal information and only provide it to others when necessary. If you find that your personal information has been leaked, especially the user name and password of this software, please contact the customer service of this software immediately so that this software can take corresponding measures.
